DOC: legal process to perform a public release of a PyAnsys library (#236)
pyansys/dev-guide: doc/source/getting-started/basic.rst

PyAnsys project organization
============================

The `PyAnsys <https://docs.pyansys.com/>`_ project is hosted on GitHub at
`PyAnsys GitHub organization`_. It contains several repositories with Python

> libraries that interface with Ansys products or services.  To try out a

Reviewer: ```suggestion
libraries that interface with Ansys products or services. To try out a
```

PyAnsys project organization
============================

> The `PyAnsys Project <https://docs.pyansys.com/>`_ is hosted on GitHub at `PyAnsys

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The `PyAnsys project <https://docs.pyansys.com/>`_ is hosted on GitHub at `PyAnsys
```
If you want PyAnsys Project as a proper name, then the section heading should be PyAnsys Project organization. You would then likely need to add "Project" to Vale's accept list.

Author: Let's got with the `project` word. The proper name is `PyAnsys`, not `PyAnsys Project`.

Author: I fixed this name in other places of the document.

* `example-coverage <https://github.com/pyansys/example-coverage>`_
* `system-reporting-tool <https://github.com/pyansys/system-reporting-tool>`_

Quick start guide
-----------------

> This is a brief overview on how to get started right away with your own PyAnsys

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This is an overview on how to get started right away with your own PyAnsys
```
Overviews are inheritly brief--so brief is redundant.

Author: I think it is fine to differentitate between PyAnsys and its organization in GitHub, as this last platform is included inside of the PyAnsys project.
